We thank the AE and referees for the thorough review of our paper...

We have made major changes to the structure, reduced dependenc on our previous
work in Laa, Cook, Valencia 2019, extended the discussion to clarify the limitations
of the method

Reviewer 1:

Required revisons:

- make the manuscript less dependent on the Laa, Cook, Valencia 2019, include
  sketch:
  + we have extended the introduction of slicing and added diagrams adapted from
    Laa, Cook, Valencia 2019.
- binning is not fully clear, sketch would help:
  + We have reworked the discussion of the binning (also including suggestions
    made by reviewer 2). For better understanding of the radial binning we have
    added a new diagram. We have also added a summary paragraph that details the
    relationg between slicing, projecting and binning.
- indices vs indexes
  + Indexes is the common term that is used in projection pursuit literature, actually when Cook, Buja and Cabrera (1993) "Projection Pursuit Indexes Based on Orthonormal Function Expansions" JCGS, tried to use indices the copy editor insisted the correct tem was indexes.
- line section 3.2 on indices: index equality is a non-sequitur. Please motivate why this is of interest.
  + We have rephrased the statement to point out why this is important. (If the equality is not given, we should pick the appropriate index definition.)
- The thickness of the slice h in the parameter gets dropped from the indices.
  + Yes, the index depends on h, epsilon, but for simplicity of notation its better to leave these as properties of A.
- Index definition structure, alternative index definitions, e.g. log-ratio
  + We have streamlined the index definition section and moved the discussion of
    alternatives to the conclusions and discussion section of the paper. We have
    slightly extended the discussion, including a reference to log-ratios as
    suggested by the referee. An implementation and comparison of these methods
    is however beyond the scope of this work.
- Figure 3: add legend
  + XXX The numbers for each bin are not interesting here, and its just a distraction to add a legend. The main point of the figure is read from the relative shade of the various bins. 
- Equation 8: add example with numbers
  + Note that this is now Equation 9 (N_S). We have added some explicit values
    at the end of the subsection.
- Generalised index section needs to be reworked
  + We have changed the structure and reworked the discussion to avoid repetition.
    The text from the 'additional considerations' subsection has been reworked and
    was moved to the discussion.
- Fig 4, 5, 6: add text in axis labels
  + To avoid cluttering the plots we have extended the caption to provide text
    names for the variables for easier understanding of what are now Figure 6-8.
- index in practice: How many observations were excluded from the olive-oil data? Show that in the scatterplots of the projected data
  + We do not remove any observations from the olive-oil data itself, but points are dropped
    from the large set of points that fill up the full parameter space to evaluate the model
    predictions. First, we only want to sample points inside the hypercube, and second we
    filter points based on the predicted group to generate holes in this data that are then
    identified via the section pursuit algorithm.
- more on data generation
  + We have added an appendix that details how the data of Set A and B were simulated.

Reviewer 2:

- Structure:
  + We have reworked the structure of the paper, such that the definition
    of the index is now covered in Section 3, and all practical aspects that rely
    on an assumed underlying distribution are now discussed in Section 4. We decided
    that generalising the discussion towards any underlying distribution would
    be distracting in this work but might be interesting enough to be covered in
    a future article. 

- Re notation:
  + we have corrected the description of A as a basis for the 
    projected space rather than a projection matrix
  + we now use capital F to denote a CDF
  + We prefer keeping R instead of using rho because it is easier to read, given
    that p, which looks like rho, also appears in the same equation.
  + We decided that adding hats would make the notation more difficult to read, and really isn't necessary for a reader to grasp the ideas. 
  + we have clarified the notation of slices vs sections and added diagrams to
    help with intuition, see Section "Grand tour and slice tour"
  + XXX what about symbol for inside vs outside the slice? I think we already have this with S, C
  
- Rotation invariance and trimming
  + the reason that rotation invariance is
    important here is that we need to make assumptions about how the section
    is expected to differ from the slice, which is used in defining their
    separate weights (Eq. 7). We have clarified this in the paper. 
  
- Spherical trimming costs and benefits
  + we appreciate that the trimming can
    appear radical. Note however that realistic data is rarely filling a
    hypercube and the effect of trimming would be less dramatic than illustrated
    by the comparison presented by the refereee.
    In the case of simulated data (all examples in the paper)
    we could explicitly design our simulation setup to sample only within a
    hypersphere which should cover all areas of interest. With sections we are
    typically most interested in the region near the center and the trimming will
    not impact the result.
  + Instead of comparing to a hypercube might be better to compare to multivariate
    normal, but how would we even define the radius? Maybe change our writing away
    from hypercube. If we sample, it is a choice to go with points in a cube or in
    a sphere. If working with collected data a cube does not seem a reasonable
    expectation for the distribution.
  + XXX maybe also argue that looking for hollowness in corners doesn't really
    make sense, especially when comparing to the "outside" distribution which
    would basically not exist in such a region. Might extend the discussion of these
    things in the paper, improve justification of trimming. "our method is not
    appropriate to look for structure in corners where we lack a comparison distribution."
  + While we agree that methods like interactive brushing are a valuable
    alternative ... XXX limited in practice, could introduce bias (we tend to
    check regions where we expect something to happen), 
    
- Radial binning
  + I think we can extend the description of the binning a bit further (also to
    clear up confusion from Ref 1), but not go into full detail. Maybe say
    something like: we agree that the radial binning is interesting in general,
    but a fully general discussion, as sketched by the referee, is beyond the
    scope of this paper.
    
- Equation 8 needs to be derived (p11 of the review)
  + This was derived in the slice tour paper and is and exact result, not using
    any of the approximations considered by the referee. We now reproduce the
    derivation in the appendix.
  
- NS for olive oil data (p12 of review)
  + Indeed the number of data points within a thin slice is neglibible, and the
    slice display is not useful for the visualisation of the data itself. Instead,
    the slice display and section pursuit are used to understand the decision
    boundaries of a classification model. Since this is visualised as the classification
    of samples across the parameter space, the original number of points can be
    controlled by the user and was adjusted to obtain a feasible number of points
    inside the slice. XXX maybe need to comment on selecting only 4 variables here?
  
- Description of reweighting is not clear
  + This has been rewritten to be cleaerer.
  
- Epsilon threshold radial dependence (p15)
  + We thank the referee for noticing the issue. Indeed the delta and epsilon
    depend on the radial boundaries of the bin, but we had dropped the index in
    the notation. This was already considered in the implementation, and we have
    added the i index in the equations and updated the description to point out
    this radial dependence.
  
- Generalised index as separate section (p16)
  + Within the new structure of Sections 3 and 4 it makes sense to keep the
    generalised index as a subsection of Section 3, while discussing the epsilon
    threshold together with other practical aspects in Section 4.
    
- Application section (p17)
  + We have moved the PDFSense application to the appendix, but decided to
    keep the 2HDM application in the main text, as supported by Referee 1.
    
---Minor details (p18)
- Definition of S1 and S2 unclear
  + Indeed theses are defined via two different projection planes, we now state
    this explicitly in the text and adapted the wording to specify that the
    planes are *centered* at the origin.
    
- Data generation of sets A and B
  + The details explaining the data generation have been added as an appendix.
  
- Critique of "needle" and maybe also grain
  + Should we drop this and focus only on hollowness? There was a similar complaint
    from Reviewer 1

- Figure 5, maybe also 2, 4: make it easier to distinguish lines by making them
  thicker and maybe using different linetypes
  + We have increased the line thickness in Figures 2, 4 and 5, and also use
    different linetypes in the case of smooth functions (Figs 2 and 5).
  
- Radius vs thickness
  + We have replaced thickness by radius when referring to h, since indeed
    2*h would be considered the thickness and h the radius.